All right so let's go to the next component.
The next component is going to be described to us so much when the user just enters a male is going
to just save the email into a database into the adjacent database.
Well let me just give you an example.
I'm going to just put an email an e-mail at e-mail that come whatever any click enter is going to say
thank you.
It's going to disappear after a few seconds and this information will be saved and the story is stored
inside the DVD on Jason.
And if I type something else that it's not right you're going to it that.
So this is what we can do at first it's going to look ugly.
We're going to do it.
Ugly is going to work.
And then at the end we will add the styles and of course just like before you can just go to get have
and copy the stylus for this.
So right.
Let's start building this component.
So this is going to be just the different components.
We're going to go ahead right here and just import this new components.
I'm going to say import and then go in.
It's going to be subscriptions up descriptions.
That's right.
So as subscriptions target.
So it's going to be from AM again we're going to say Dot for Slash and I'm just going to just copy this
and paste it right here.
And change is going to be do everything lowercase.
So I'm going to go right here to the components for there and a good creating you component for this
and this one is going to be subscriptions.
Now.
It's like with a 4.
Ok this subscriptions dodgiest is going to be a class based component because we have an input and we
need to handle the input through the state.
OK.
So first we will say import re-act from.
It's going to be react with a capital or are.
So it's going to be re-act from.
And then just react and we're going to need to make use of component it's going to go right here a coma
and then right component right.
Burguet So you know just to save time and I can just let you know right now you can have a plugging
for the via's code.
I've already have it installed.
I believe it's going to be the re-act code snippets.
And you know whenever you want to create a good bad class based component you're going to say re-act
class component then enter.
It's going to just create a template for you so you don't need to type this.
You know you can download that planning and make use of it inside of the plumbing.
They have to it's just like an index with all the code snippets you can use and they are just a lot
of snippets.
So if I could just just going to go back and get to write everything.
So this one is going to be a class and the class is going to be called whatever we are using right here
subscriptions.
Right.
So is that what this one is going to extents up not next export stance as an expense component.
Opening close.
Now I'm just going to render some text just something minimal.
It's going to say render an inside beginning to return something some GSX just just a div you know and
I don't know email whatever.
Right.
Go back right here and you're not going to get it right here because we need to put it inside of the
component we need to do some more coding.
When I go here I'm going to make this component available inside other components.
So I'm going to say export the font and Dench's subscriptions.
Right.
Very good.
So I'm going to go to home and since we have it available right here I'm going to go at the bottom and
just below featured.
It's just going to call this component.
Right.
If you load the page we have right here.
Let's get.
So it's working.
So now this component is going to have a state.
And since we want to use the state I need to call the constructor constructor Burguet open close.
This one is going to receive is going to grab the prompts and then we call super and prompts you know.
So it was the same thing.
Right.
So since this is going to be it's going to have a state you're going to say this that state equals to
an object.
Now right here inside the state whenever we enter some information right here says we want to make this
impot a controlled component.
And if you remember about controlled components we want to manage the value through react.
So what we need to put here.
It's the email the text of e-mail and we're going to put the value inside the state.
So I'm going to say e-mail and whenever the application loads this e-mail is going to be empty.
Right.
We're going to have more things to validate this but for now which is going to leave it at e-mail.
OK.
So right.
I'm going to go right here to the render and we just start doing the GSX for this and writing all the
the code.
So we're going to just delete now and go right here.
And I'm going to give a class to this.
And this class is going to be subscribed panel make sense subscribe them panel right.
We're going to have a title for this component.
This tiny snippet.
So I'm going to give it an agent three tack three.
It's going to be subscribed to us.
Right.
So this this pretty much is going to be a form and I'm going to use forms because whenever I don't have
a button right here just to send the saved e-mail so whenever they click enter we can send it and since
we want that behavior we need to use a form.
So I'm going to say Dave I'm going to wrap everything inside a div and then I'm going to say form and
then just open close.
So this form is going to have an impact.
It's going to be input and the type is going to be text No just a regular input.
And then we need to close it and forget it.
So everything is kind of ready now.
If you check right here the final we have kind of a tiny tiny comment right here.
So I'm going to go just after the forum and I'm going to create a small task and we can add some text.
I have it ready right here.
You can put whatever you want.
I'm just going to put some lorem ipsum.
Good.
So what do we need right now.
Whenever the user enters right here to this screen just read the page we're going to get a placeholder.
So we're going to do that.
We can add a placeholder just gonna put this at the bottom and I'm going to just write a placeholder.
So it's going to be a place holder equals and we need to button text.
So it's going to be your email at email dot com.
Right.
So what is the next thing we need is we want to make this a control component.
We want to handle the value of this input through the components.
So OK so to enter the value whenever the state of this input it's changed the state of email is changed.
We want to connoted and put it right here in the state there's going to be this that state that e-mail
and whenever we enter an email re-act is going to that state is going to put it right here and then
it's going to read render and show whenever we are entering get.
That's the first thing.
So now we need to catch this whenever the user just changes the input.
So I'm going to go right here and we're going to use the onchange listener is going to be up on change
right on change equal and then we can a call to a function that is going to catch this email.
So we're going to send this dot on.
And my function is going to be call on change input now makes sense.
So now I'm going to copy this the name of function are going to go right here at the top of the render
and we can start creating this change.
So I'm going to go right here and paste it says we want to catch the event and we need to use a fat
function.
So I'm going to say open close and inside here it says pass the events right.
The thing looks good.
So now what do we need to do whenever the user changes this impot we need to grab the event get the
value for this input and just update the emails date.
So OK.
So I'm going to say this that set stayed open close and since we have an object just open close it curly
braces and we're going to be changing the e-mail so I'm going to say e-mail and now the value of this
company is going to be inside the event.
So first we call the UN then we access the target and then we get the value get so this should be working
begin to check it later.
Going to do some of the things right now.
OK.
So the thing is that whenever whenever we change this is going to pay the state.
And if I go right here and just type something it's going to type it if this is not working.
We have the bag right here.
If this does not work we cannot be able to update the bounty right here because we have a control component.
So now to submit the form we need to call to a function whenever the user enters something and click
and enter.
If I just leave it as it is it's going to reload the page and just show you that reloading the page.
So we need to call to a function whenever this form it's submitted.
We need to call a function grab the event and do the preven default.
So I'm going to call to the on submit event listener for this function.
It's going to be on submit.
And this just like the input is going to run a function.
So it's going to be this dot and I are going to say handle submit.
Right.
So we're going to do a lot of things on the Handels meant to write more functions.
So we're going to go right here on top of the onchange but I get to just paste the name of the function
and I'm going to do pretty much the same thing with the on change input.
It's going to be equal to something that is going to pass the event and then we're going to say Fat
our function right.
So we need to prevent the default behavior of the form.
So I'm going to say events that prevent and then default.
Right.
And this is going to stop the page from reloading.
If I go right here type something click enter nothing happens just clicking enter.
So what do we need to do.
We need to do so when it's first to do one thing which is going to be just grabbing the value that we
have in the state so we can just grab the value and run a function that is going to update.
It's going to send the value to the database.
So OK I'm just going to run a function.
It's going to be let email and the email is going to be inside this that state that e-mail.
Now when we do the change we get the either the values right here.
What else do we need.
We're going to need something I'm just going to copy paste.
You need to pass the screen and try to reproduce.
I'm going to put it right now.
Now to validate the e-mail and begin to do the validation later.
We wanted to check if the if we have an app for example if I do a friend type Francis and then just
click enter is going to let us know that we didn't have a valid email.
And if I put an ad right here it's going to pass.
So when you do a regular expression that it's going to check this and I'm going to say let's.
And then Raggatt X you know you can find about regular expressions on the web.
There is a lot of information there are really awesome.
I'm just going to paste it right here and this regular expression is going to check if the e-mail is
correct or not and if it's not of course it's not going to pass and it's going to give us an error message.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom.
I'm going to say if and then just open and close and if it's not passed it's going to do something else
this can just show the error message.
OK.
So right here the way we check the reg X is going to be called the rag X and then we can do that and
we do test and inside the test we pass whatever value we want to change the check since we want to check
the email I get to say test email right.
Right now on the else I'm not going to return anything.
But if it's if it's passing what we want to do we want to run a function that is going to grab the e-mail
and save it to the database.
So I'm going to say this they're going to call to a function and my function is going to be save Suppes
decryption.
Now this saved subscription is going to pass.
An argument is going to be whatever value we have on the e-mail.
It's going to pass.
Email.
That's good.
So now what we need to do we need to create a function called Safe subscription.
But it's going to just grab this e-mail and just do a post request.
I'm going to go right here.
We're going to start creating this function going to say save subscription.
This is going to be equal and you can have an argument and the argument is going to be e-mail.
Right.
And then we just run a function.
Now we're going to do fetch with this.
We can just fetch the data.
Now this section went too long.
Let's go to the next one and create the fetch and the saving data to the to the database.